Clarify known variables for partial derivatives (#2132)
modelica/fmi-standard: docs/2_2_common_mechanisms.adoc

** <<StepMode>> (Co-Simulation): The variables listed as elements <<Output>> of <<ModelStructure>> with a floating point type and <<variability>> = <<continuous>> or <<discrete>>.
Each continuous state derivative variable listed as elements <<ContinuousStateDerivative>> in <<ModelStructure>>, if present.

* latexmath:[\mathbf{v}_{\mathit{known}}] is the vector of arguments of function latexmath:[\mathbf{f}] that could appear in <<dependencies>> in <<ModelStructure>> of the unknown variables latexmath:[\mathbf{v}_{\mathit{unknown}}].

> Details about which variables are in latexmath:[\mathbf{v}_{\mathit{known}}] are given in the description of element <<dependencies>> in <<ModelStructure>>.

Reviewer: Should we perhaps combine these two sentences?
```suggestion
* latexmath:[\mathbf{v}_{\mathit{known}}] is the vector of arguments of function latexmath:[\mathbf{f}] that could appear in <<dependencies>> (see the description there) in <<ModelStructure>> of the unknown variables latexmath:[\mathbf{v}_{\mathit{unknown}}].
```
